Remove old email alias (#4598)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/captchas/index.md

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

> > **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of Okta Identity Engine. [Contact support](https://support.okta.com/) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of Okta Identity Engine. [Contact support](https://support.okta.com/) for information on the Identity Engine. 
```
